Rezerwar - a big mess of networked blocks and pipes
Copyright (C) Bertrand Janin (tamentis@neopulsar.org)

Rezerwar is a puzzle game that could be quickly described as the unlegitimate
child of a known tetromino game and a pipe game.

HOW TO PLAY:
  You have to position falling blocks to align their pipes align and let the
  water flow to create "networks". You get points by closing networks, the
  bigger the network, the more points you get.

NETWORK:
  A network is the name of a set of pipe-connected cubes. When a network is
  closed, it gets destroyed and might cause deflagration.

DEFLAGRATION (obsolete)
  When a closed network of cubes is completed, depending on the number of cubes
  in the network and the difficulty level, you might trigger a cube
  deflagration. This means all the neighoring cubes around the network will be
  destroyed along with the cubes of the network itself. Here are the number
  of cubes required per difficulty level:

      Easiest: 5
      Easy:    8
      Medium:  12
      Hard:    16
      Ultra:   20

AVALANCHE:
  When a network is connected from one end of the screen to the next... the
  water turns red. As soon as the network is completely closed, the network
  is destroyed and with it all the cube below it. This is at the time the
  most score rewarding trick in Rezerwar.

TODO:
 - add a 'tutorial' that shows how to play.
 - add blue and red blocks which will freeze and thaw the water.
 - Sound -> add a didjeridou sound at the beginning or accordeon, something cacophinic.
 - Move all the SDL related stuff in wrappers within sdl_engine.c
 - think about hitting space to move the block directly at the bottom, maybe
   call _update() multiple time until a different return?
 - add mouse interfacing in-game to allow Maemo and iPhone to work.
 - Music
 - Add an 'under pressure' block that can provide pressure for a couple
   blocks. If you don't complete the network in 10 seconds, it depletes.
 - Add a bomb block, when it falls, it destroys everything in a 1 block
   radius.
 - Add an acid block, it melts all the blocks  underneath, vertically.
 - add an atomic block, it nukes all the blocks on the same level, horizontaly
 - Create a block_allocate when creating new blocks to avoid always pushing
   blocks at the end of the array.
 - You can harden blocks so they can last a couple generations of water, this
   will help exploding center areas.
 - Give the menu a 'mask' frame, make the option menu bigger and work on a
   way to page through the lines.

NOTES FROM OTHER GAME SOURCES:
 - Would it be interesting to use a memoryPool like in q3a?

vim:expandtab ts=2 sw=2:
